A significant portion of your grade this term involves your final project, which you will work on from the first day of the term to the last. An important first task is the creating teams for this project. Each team will consist of four developers and two artists, with the exception of one team that may have three developers and three artists. Your teams are expected to be in place by Monday, March 30th, giving you a week to complete the first milestone for the project.

Given that we are working remotely, picking teams will be slightly more difficult than usual. Every course member will be required to create a document describing their skills, technical/artistic interests, and final project preferences on the *first day of class*. For tech students this is Wednesday, March 25th; for artists it will be Friday, March 27th. On the following day, you will review the documents that your peers create and use them to select other subteam members. For example, developers will (typically) find three other developers to work with and artists will select one other artist to work with. 

This means that all development sub-teams should be in place by the end of the day on Thursday, March 26th, while artist sub-teams should be created by the end of the day on Saturday, March 28th.

After selecting selecting the other members of your development / artist sub-teams, you will create a meta-document describing the background of your sub-team and their final project interests. In effect, you are pitching what you’d be interested in creating to your technical / artistic counterparts, to find other students to work with. Try to be somewhat flexible and generic in your goals. For example, “We’d like to create a 3D open-world game with a heavy resource farming mechanic” is reasonable. “We’d like to create a game set in 18th century France where aliens invade and stop the French Revolution” is way to specific in terms of plot, and actually reveals nothing about the type of development work that would need to be done, nor much about the type of assets that would be required.

Each sub-team will post their meta-document to the course Slack. After reviewing the meta-documents, each sub-team will join with a counterpart sub-team (artists with developers) to create their final team for the project. You will then announce the creation of your team on the course Slack. 
